Update office-add-ins-community-call.md (#4892)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/overview/office-add-ins-community-call.md

> We have changed the schedule to 7:00 AM Pacific Time. If you still have the old calendar invite that starts at 8:00 AM Pacific Time, please remove it and download the latest one at <https://aka.ms/officeaddinscommunitycall>.

## Agenda for November 13th, 2024 call
The agenda for the November Office Add-ins community call:

> * Update on legacy Exchange online token deprecation ​
> * Excel API/Capability Update
> * Word API Update

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Update on legacy Exchange online token deprecation.​
* New Excel APIs and capabilities.
* New Word APIs.
```
